*: rephrase quickstart section of README (#9954)
tikv/tikv: README.md

When a node starts, the metadata of the Node, Store and Region are recorded into PD. The status of each Region and Store is reported to PD regularly.

## Quick start

### Deploy a playground with TiUP

> The most quick way for trying out TiKV with TiDB is using TiUP, a component manager for TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most quickest to try out TiKV with TiDB is using TiUP, a component manager for TiDB.
```

Author: the quickest?
